Update documentation (#98)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/configuration.asciidoc

|Attribute |Used in |Requires permission

|`net.host.connection.subtype`
|All Spans
|https://developer.android.com/reference/android/Manifest.permission#READ_PHONE_STATE[READ_PHONE_STATE]

|===

[float]
==== Session ID configuration

The Elastic agent provides a "session ID" for every span and log event it creates.
The idea of a session is to provide a context that covers many transactions that a user did in order to fulfil their needs using an application.
For most apps, a session could start when the user opens the app, and end when the user closes the app.
But for other apps, such as a ticketing app for a queue in a bank for example, the app will always be open, but a session might start when a person starts the process to get a new ticket, and end when the ticket is printed.

> By default, the Elastic agent generates a session ID on app launch and keeps it until after an idle period of time of 30 minutes, restarting the timeout time on every APM-related transaction.

Reviewer: This sentence was tough for me to digest. What about something like this?

```suggestion
By default, the APM agent generates a session ID on app launch. Each session is kept active until 30 minutes of idle time has elapsed. The idle time clock resets on every APM-related transaction.
```

Author: Love it, thanks!
